Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I'm talking with Ryan Kazanjian.
He's the chief security architect
at Tanium. How are you
sir? Doing great. Thanks. Glad
to be on. Yeah, this
was exciting for me because
you not only are the
chief security architect at a
security firm, but also for
a time worked as a
technical consultant alongside the writers
of mr. Robot. How long
did you do that? A
little over two years, I
joined during the preproduction phase
of season two, a couple
episodes in to the production
efforts there, and then continued
to work with the team
through shots for a few
different scenes in season two.
And then when season three
started, which was in pre
production work and writer's room
sessions, I think were in
late 2016, actually it was
much more involved from the
inception stages of the storylines
and how technology wove into
them during the start of
the planning phases for season
three, continued to work with
the writers and production team
all the way through the
production of the shots we
conceived and even helped out
onset with some of the
filming and scenes that we
had thought through earlier on.
So that lasted all the
way until about mid summer
through 2017. When we wrapped
up and stuff started to
air. Nice. I worked as
a technical consultant on a
movie very early on, and
my job was primarily to
go through the script and
I was told, make sure
none of the technical stuff
would make the writers look
stupid, but it sounds like
your involvement is much deeper
than, than that, that simplistic
work that I did. So
it's really a function of
the show creators and especially
core Adana, the writer and
producer that I worked most
closely with really having that
attention and care for detail.
When I joined in partway
through season two, a lot
of the storylines and seeds
had already written, been written.
And so a lot of
my role is what you
kind of described there, where
it was about executing the
onscreen details to fit the
scene and making a few
tweaks and changes around the
edges so that everything stayed
accurate. But yeah, when season
three rolled around, we really
had a, a great time
getting to sit back and
think a little bit about
how technology and real world
tax could actually fit and
shape the direction of the
narrative that the writers and
show creator Sam Esmail were
going for. And so that
gave me a really cool
opportunity to have a bit
more insight and an influence
into the direction of the
season. Are you like me
in that over the last
20 years of watching movies
and TV, you've been disappointed
in the quality? Yeah, absolutely.
And I say that as
someone who grew up watching
and chuckling at movies like
hackers who depicted computer hacking
and technology on screen in
some ridiculous ways, and you
had exceptions to the norm,
right? Like I also grew
up watching war games, which
for all of the things
that were kind of outlandish
about the storyline, there were
little bits and pieces of
technology. You'd seen it that
were realistic and cool. So
like I remember seeing an
acoustic coupler in that movie.
And then I think in
sneakers, and that was the
thing where before there were
modems that plugged into the
phone line, you'd literally put
the handset on this device
and it would play the
modem tones through the receiver
of the handset. And so,
you know, those movies like
kind of gave me a
glimpse of that world and
did at least a fairly
good job of depicting parts
of it accurately. Then you
go to hackers and movies,
like a scorpion just went
completely in the opposite direction.
And a lot of those
movies in the nineties just
captured hacking in a ridiculous
way. And that unfortunately continued
through to most of the
movies and TV shows over
the past decade or so.
Yeah, the juxtaposition between the
two kind of two people
on one keyboard and CIS
kind of style of hacking,
which is, is painful to
the kind of the minority
report, like trying to give
you a sense of moving
your hands and waving as
being legitimate hacking to the
other side of the spectrum,
which is real legitimate use
of real hacks on, on
mr. Robot. It makes me
feel like the only thing
preventing us from getting that
level of narrative is just
for lack of a better
word, organizational willpower, someone enabled
Cora Donna and folks, mr.
Robot, to hire you and
to do it for real.
Yeah. I think, you know,
the, the prevailing assumption for
so long had been that
anything realistic in terms of
depicting technology and computers let
alone hacking in the entertaining
medium was always going to
be just intrinsically boring. And
it's true that like, no
matter how realistic you make
a scene, there needs to
be something relatable that anyone
watching can grasp onto and
understand the motivations of the
characters and why the scenes
important what's going on. And
so you can't lose that.
But I think mr. Robot
and the, you know, Sam
and core and the rest
of the production team realized
that by making it realistic,
they didn't have to lose
that. They still could make
a incredibly compelling and relatable
narrative. They can make scenes
exciting and they could layer
it so that a nontechnical
viewer could watch and enjoy
it and understands the outlines
of what's going on. But
if you were really technical
and if you were for
example, a security practitioner or
one of our fans that
likes to freeze frame and
analyze every little bit of
everything on screen, you had
a lot more that you
could even enjoy. And then
that even goes a layer
deeper with the alternate reality
game that the show has.
And so that's sort of
layered approach where no matter
what your level of experience
is, there's something you can
get out of it. And
some more technically you are
the kind of deeper appreciation
you can get for some
of it, I think is
what made the show successful
and inspired some of the
fans that it's got. I
think that's a tall order
though Say, well, like for
example, my wife is a
nurse and she can't watch
ER, or the good doctor
or any of these shows
because it just causes her
to roll her eyes back
in her head so far
that she can't even stand
it. And I understand that
people like pilots that watch
shows where there's an airplane
being flown, they can't handle
it as well, but you're
saying that to be able
to actually hold up to
people who are screenshotting it
and discussing it on Reddit,
Tall order, it is. And
it's also a continuous source
of stress for us. I
mean, especially in season three
where I was a lot
more involved in pretty much
every onscreen depiction of hacking
or use of a security
or computing tool for a
shots that the pressure as
we were creating, it was
isn't going to stand up
to that scrutiny. And, you
know, we always have to
make certain adaptations and take
creative license to make things
fit into the show. And
so we really worked hard
to minimize those wherever possible
and make sure that we
could hold up to that
audience because in the end
that's the most critical group,
but they're also the most
passionate fans of the show
and the most vocal in
supporting it. And so getting
it right for that group,
even if it is a
minority of the viewers has
always been really important. And
it's been really tremendously gratifying
to see how the security
community, which is an incredibly
critical group. I mean, by
virtue of the work that
we do in this community
industry to get them behind
it, something we're really proud
of. Yeah. And they seem
to be generally pretty positive.
It makes me think about
the computer people, myself included
tend to be the most
well actually people ever. I
could imagine that you might
be afraid that you're gonna
put a great episode out
there and then a medium
post tearing apart. Your work
appears the next day. Well,
and the funding is I
had a series of medium
posts called mr. Robot, this
assembled this past season where
I kind of provided a
behind the scenes of how
core. And I created all
the hacks in each episode
and what behind that. And
sometimes some of the things
that went on before and
afterwards and the way we
planned it, or even designed
it, that didn't end up
making its way onto the
screen. And for every time
I post one of those,
I'd get great comments and
feedbacks and messages from people
who were domain experts in
the specific areas of security
that we are highlighting and
whatever that scene might be.
And they're the ones who
definitely noticed, well, why'd you
do this instead of that?
Or was this a mistake
or intentional? And, but it
was always with a like
positive sort of appreciation that
look like we got, it's
a TV show, everything can't
be done in real time,
but getting that sort of
feedback means people are paying
attention and care. And that
was really fun. That's nice.
One of the things that
I've noticed is on TV
shows in general is that
people always seem to use
IP addresses that are out
of range. You know, as
soon as an IP address
is greater than two 55,
you go, Oh, okay, well,
that's just like, you know,
when they dial a number
and it's five, five, five
something, something, something, that's just
their way of saying, Hey,
we're in a movie, but
it seems like IP addresses
in mr. Robot all resolve
to something. Yeah, that was
a credit to cor long
before I got involved in
realizing that there was a
tremendous opportunity to not just
do that for realism sake,
but to then start to
build in this alternate reality
game and the way the
ARG works is just about
any IP address that you
see on screen phone numbers,
email addresses, QR codes, all
are sort of hidden glimpses
at this story behind the
story that you can follow
on line. If you go
to an IP address, there
might be a puzzle or
a sort of a emulated
hacking challenge. That's inspired by
something from the episode, if
you message one of the
email addresses, you might get
a response back. And that
sort of puzzle world drives
a tremendously passionate following of
mr. Robot RG fans who
spend lots of time on
discord and on Reddit talking
about the puzzles working their
way through, and a core
has another separate team that
he had worked with that
really did a tremendous job
of building out that side
of the universe and making
it a really interesting compliments
to what's onscreen. So how
are the Invented reality game
screens? Why couldn't you use
those in the show? For
example, I visited one 92,
two 51 68, two 42,
which is it's got the
evil Corp background. It's got
a whole shell. I mean,
it's a, it's a very
nice simulacrum of, of what
happened on screen and I
can actually follow and type
in what Elliot typed on
the show. Could you use
them at the same time
that could you use that
for the game, for the,
for the show or did
you have to mock those
up differently? So it depended,
some of the ARG sites
are actually designed around the
mockups that were made for
scenes where the same sort
of thing, as apparent on
in the episode, there are
some steps in the ARG
that go outside or beyond
the scope of what you
ever see in any of
the episodes. And so those
were done separately, but yeah,
there were more than a
few cases where the same
things that were used to
design, what was shown on
screen ended up being used
there, the way it worked
is after writing out and
designing the scenes I would
in virtual machines actually set
up the software. We were
going to show to function
almost as if it was
an actual operator, hands on
keyboard. And so, for example,
there's an episode where Elliot's
using volatility, which is a
memory forensics tool to look
at some malware that's infected
his laptop. And he's actually,
when we created that, I
was actually using volatility with
a memory image that I
captured from a Linux system
that was actually infected by
me with the malware I
was seeking to emulate. And
so all of the screens
that we put together for
every single shot are produced
like that. I try to
mimic as much of it
in a real system as
possible. I take lots of
screenshots, a lot of copying
and pasting so that the
text can be provided to
the design folks. And then
core works with the animator
that the show uses to
turn that into. What's actually
a flash animation, one of
the last places on earth
where flash is still used
and the flash animation is
actually what gets played in,
in real time on set,
as the actors are interacting
with their computers to pretend
as if they're actually typing.
So they're typing the keys
and it's actually advancing an
animation of what we designed
and kind of prerecorded. That
was my next question, how
they sync up their keystrokes.
So it's like hacker, typer.com
where they're, they, they hit
the keystroke and it moves
you forward one keystroke. So
they really can't type them
incorrectly. Yeah, that's exactly right.
It's a essentially allowing the
actor, not to have to
worry about the hitting the
right keys or even necessarily
the precise timing of everything.
It allows it to auto
advance in a way. It
also ends up looking a
lot better. Like if you
ever see something where they've
green screened in a computer
screen, it always looks a
little bit off like the
lighting and the style, whereas
actually filming the screen, displaying
the contents looks a lot
better. The flip side of
this is that means that
when we do production, the
shots have to be done
before they film. And so
I remember during a production
scene season, week after week
core would email me with
the chunks of the script
that we had worked on
before and said, Hey, remember
when we'd come up with
this scene, like three months
ago, we're going to be
filming these 10 blocks in
the next week. So I
need all of these ready
a week in advance, so
the animators can create it.
And so that's sort of
scheduling and blocks mints a
really intense couple of months
of putting those shots together
in batches, so that they'd
be ready for when cameras
rolled. Wow. And you were
doing all of this work
with mr. Robot independent of
your day job at, at
10:00 AM at the security. Yeah,
that's right. This was sort
of my second night job.
So I'm a night owl.
So after dinner, I'm almost
always tending to some work,
especially since I live on
the East coast and the
DC area, but my company
is based out in the
Bay area. So I'm up
late as it is. And
then on top of that,
yeah, during a production work,
usually late at night, I'd
start getting to a working
on that and then on
weekends as well. But it's,
you know, it was a
lot of fun. It kind
of scratched an itch. That's
very different than my day
job, but at the same
time, I look at it
as complimentary because my day
job has me doing a
lot of work thinking about
defending against attackers and applying
what I learned in my
past life to building defenses
and helping companies detect and
respond to attacks and working
on the show, kind of
puts me back in the
mindset of how I first
got involved with security, which
is thinking about how to
break security controls and how
to hack in. And so
keeping that sort of offensive
side in mind of your
brain working is, is really
productive. I think in security,
you can't just be pure
defense or pure offense. You
need to have sort of
a balance working on the
show gave me that yin
and yang. Well, and in
the first episode of season
three, even though your job
at 10:00 AM is your day
job, you are able to
work 10:00 AM software into it
because it was a natural
opportunity for Elliot to put
a firmware patch on AUPs.
Yeah, that it's, it's actually
in the second episode of
season three, there's this opening
montage of Elliot at work
and evil Corp and ended
up being really a really
fun scene where in like
the first six or so
minutes of the episode, it's
just really fast cutting. And
there's about I think, four
or five different shots that
we worked on. And one
of them is a glimpse
at Tanium and it was
a fun opportunity to actually
take some of the software
that I work with everyday
and have a role in
helping create and design and
actually inserting it into the
show in a spot where
it made sense, which is,
yeah. As you said, deploying
a patch to a bunch
of Linux servers that were
then managing uninterrupted power supply
devices. It wasn't an attempt
to give Tanium a gratuitous
plug. It was just a
mattress. Yeah. But I, what
I actually tried to do
throughout the season and even
in the prior season was
also not just showcase Tanium,
but also showcase like a
lot of the great open
source software, that security researchers
that I admire and respect
and I followed for a
long time built. So we
have Mimi cats in there.
We have elastic search in
there. We have volatility framework.
As I mentioned earlier, it
was really fun to just
think about all the tools
that I love using, or
I've learned so much from
and think about how to
weave them into a show
in a way that would
both fit the story and
also give the creators of
those tools. Some deserve it
recognition for their work. Did
you? I remember when the
people that worked on the
tool for the matrix saw
Trinity in the matrix using
their tool, and there are
a lot of, you know,
the, the screenshots on Twitter,
like, Oh my God, this
just happened. Did you give
people a heads up in
the open source community that
you were going to do
this? Or did you just
wait for the tweets to
happen the night after the
show? Eric, generally I gave
folks a heads up are
a few cases where I
just in the crazy schedule
of things forgot to do
so. But yeah, I did
give a few folks a
advanced notice, like right before
to say, Hey, you may
want to watch tonight's episode
and make sure to check
out, you know, minutes 34.
Yeah. That, that was a
lot of fun. That's awesome.
Well, one of the things
that I think also makes
the use of software, a
compelling piece of drama on
mr. Robot, more so than
I think other other shows
that try to use computers
in a dramatic sense is
the idea that Elliot is
almost always interacting with hardware
in some way, whether he's
working on Linux machines that
talk to ups is, or
the early episodes when he's
using raspberry pies. Is, is
that because of any concerns
you have around IOT or
just because there's such a
proliferation of hardware that can
change the world alongside the
software that runs it. So
two we've actually tried to
just have a really wide
variety of the types of
hacks that Elliott and others
perform in the show. And,
you know, if, if we
just did exclusively like enterprise
O S windows style hacks,
that'd be really dull. Cause
they all end up looking
kind of the same at
a certain layer. And so
weaving in some attacks that
have kinetic potential, like the
ups stuff, some things that
are IOT based like the
car hacks and season one
are. And even in season
three, when we have some
social engineering like with the
OnStar hack where Irving calls
up the emergency support number
so that he can pretend
that he's law enforcement and
get a OnStar engine cutoff
to the vehicle, that's chasing
them. All of that is
an attempt to introduce as
much variety as possible into
action. It's another fun way
that the need for a
creative and exciting story pushes
us. So that that car
hack, I just mentioned the
OnStar one came from in
the writer's room, you know,
request to figure out a
way to have an automotive
hack that would allow Irving
to lose their tail. And
what we didn't want to
do is a kind of
Hollywood nonsense hack or, you
know, just magically at that
moment, he has the right
tools to remotely hack and
stop a car over the
air. Cause that, that just
simply does not exist in
a way that would be
a believable. And so when
you're posed with a challenge
like that is as writers
and consultants for the show
we think about, okay, well,
you know, how do we
meet this in the middle
and create something that's fun
and exciting, but still has
enough basis in reality. And
that actually drives a lot
of the variety. And I
think some of the interesting
and creative hacks that have
made their way into the
show, One of the hacks
that took me, I'm like
cook me a back. Like
I had to pause and
just think hard about that
was the one where the
FBI is looking at at
Elliot system, they're doing remote
access and you know, a
simpler, and this is trying
to give you a complimentary
phrase, simpler technical expert would
have said, Oh yeah, they're,
they're running, you know, VNC
or RDP, or they're sending
screenshots with F you know,
with PNGs of what's going
on in the screen. Can
you maybe explain what you
ended up doing on a
bleeding edge hack to allow
someone to see Elliot's machine
remotely? Yeah. So that was
a based on research called
the monitor darkly, which was
presented at black hat and
Def con in 2015 or
2016, I think. And the
basis of it basically involved
finding that the display controller
hardware that is present in
millions and millions of monitors
is vulnerable to a hardware
layer attack whereby basically implanting
a device into the display
port and USB interfaces. I
believe you could essentially manipulate
the contents of the screen
and, or read the contents
of pixels on the screen.
We took a bit of
creative license and adapting the
ease with which that could
be performed combined, the hardware
implant with like a small
cellular enabled PC on a
stick so that the images
could be transmitted to a
FBI receiver. But yeah, that
was an, that was driven
by one, the need to
show something cool. But two,
we also had a storyline
reason where it needed to
be a hardware implant rather
than a software implant. And
so we got to thinking,
well, do we have a
hidden camera in the room
that didn't work out? What
about something in one of
his devices, key logger? No,
that wouldn't work well. What
about in the monitor? That
was kind of the thought
process that led us down
that path. Have you ever
bumped into a story requirement
or where a hack suddenly
didn't exist and you had
to really make something fictional?
We've almost always found a
way the, the OnStar hack
I mentioned earlier with stopping
the car was one of
those where at first read,
we're like, when, how are
we, how are we going
to make this work? And
then Cora and I went
back and forth on a
few different ideas with Sam
Esmail and eventually landed on
Irving doing that social engineering
call to OnStar, which I
was worried about how it'll
be received, but we actually
found documentation on the protocol
used in terms of making
the phone call, talking with
the emergency reps, the sequence
of things that happens when
you ask for a ignition
cutoff, the confirmation light, like
blinking of the brake lights.
And we replicated that on
the scene. And so we
made it work and it
was, it was well received.
There were some others where
likewise, we made adaptations. The
ups hack that starts in
season two and then continues
on, of course at the
season three was one with
a firm basis. In reality,
there have been hardware hacks
like that, where the, of,
or the bypass of digital
signature validation allowed for malicious
firmware to be introduced into
industrial control devices. There was
a hack of the Ukrainian
power grid a couple of
years ago, where that was
one of the techniques you
used. There have been data
center explosions caused by leaking
batteries. One of the other
consultants first provided that bit
of inspiration when the hack,
the ups hack was introduced
in season two. So there,
like I said, there's, there's
always been ways to weave
enough reality and to take
an initial concept and run
with it in a way
that we all find acceptable
Myself and the people who
listened to the show here
are largely, you know, application
developers. And I think that's
probably fair to say that
security folks would feel that
most application developers are blissfully
ignorant of a lot of
stuff. You know, we do
our best to avoid SQL
injection and kind of the
basic stuff. But I always
hear from the most paranoid
security people, like if you
really knew what was going
on out there, you'd never,
you'd never sleep. I'm curious
on a personal note, like,
is that, is that true?
Is there, can you even
walk through your house without
feeling like you're looking for
exploits in your fridge? You
know, I'm, I'm jaded at
this point after being in
the security industry as a
practitioner for 14 or 15
years now, I just intrinsically
assume that just about anything
can or will be broken
at some point. And I
mean, you know, the, the,
the headlines in the news
week after week kind of
bear that out. If it's
not a retailer being hacked
and losing millions of credit
cards, it's a healthcare company
being hacked and losing a
ton of patient data, or
it's an industrial control system
being hacked because something was
exposed to the internet in
a way that it shouldn't
have been. And so I
think that that general awareness
is, is not just limited
to security practitioners anymore because
enough of these make the
headlines week after week, we're
in an interesting place where
there are in some places
better security technologies than have
ever existed. Like, you know,
often will say that the
computer in your pocket, if
you have a, an iOS
device, for example, is many,
many orders of magnitude more
secure than any general computing
device that we've previously engineered.
And so we've, we've clearly
come a long way in
learning how to build secure
things. The problem is that
while that may be the
case, the rate at which
other computing devices that don't
have that degree of due
diligence into their engineering and
are thrown online at an
incredible pace, just vastly out
seeds exceeds rather the pace
with which we can continue
to build and design and
enforce good security practices. And
so the scale at which
that's happening is, is frankly
terrifying, but we'll probably continue
to inspire really entertaining fiction.
I hope so. I'm curious
though, without getting too much
of the specifics or trying
to pick on iPhones versus
whoever, but is it because
of smart people at Apple
designed the iPhone to be
more secure, or is it
because of the walled garden
that it lives within versus
all the different Kickstarter things
where someone decides to make
a light bulb that runs
a version of Linux and
then puts the IOT device
out there in the world
and then goes out of
business, you know, is this
a matter of the architecture
of the iPhone or a
focused way of securing that
Apple is applied to it?
Well, I think the architecture
comes from that focus and
there's obviously a business focus
also in having a walled
garden, but I think iOS
and on, on the Google
side, chromo S are examples
of operating systems where security
begins at the hardware layer
of trust that is isolated
from the software and the
underlying operating system. And that
alone is a very different
design decision than kind of
the way general purpose computers
and PCs that we grew
up with work. And from
that point every time the
system has opened up a
little bit more to allow
for applications to run, to
allow those applications, to share
data with one another, to
add extensions, they're all being
added incrementally after a lot
of scrutiny about how to
make sure they still work
with that underlying foundation of
security that the, the operating
system was initially designed for
the device was initially designed
for it. So it's kind
of the opposite approach of
starting with something that's completely
open and unrestricted, and then
trying to cordon off activity.
That's kind of the ongoing
struggle of enterprises now with
your classic windows and Linux
PCs. And I mean, even
we see that with OSX
on the desktop where I'm
taking an open operating system
and then constraining and securing,
it is far more difficult
than starting with something very
closed off at the hardware
layer even, and then adding
incremental features to, to make
it do more things. And
it seems like also even
really, really close systems like
the Nintendo switch, as an
example, if they wanted to
make the Nintendo switch, able
to get onto a captive
portal into, onto hotel wifi,
they needed a web browser.
They put in WebKit and
the first exploits ended up
being that exploiting that, that
crack in the door. Yeah,
exactly. And I'm glad he
brought that up. I'm also
in my limited spare time,
a gamer and I have
in love, love my Nintendo
switch. I wish it had
access to game saves in
the cloud. And yes, please.
The reason that it doesn't
have game saves in the
cloud is because of concerns
over ease with which they
can be used to load
malicious code. And that's been
a pathway for, for hacking
gaming devices in the past.
And so obviously Nintendo is
trying to I'm sure engineer
around that carefully, but, you
know, the same thing goes
with like the iPhone. For
example, I was a pretty
early adopter of the iPhone.
And I remember there was
early, early days where it
didn't have an app store
and everyone was kind of
just amazed that they could
even release the device without
supporting apps. And sure enough,
they incrementally added the feature
when they were comfortable doing
so in a way that
was secure. And of course,
conveniently also way they could
monetize really nicely. So the
say the same thing I
suspect will happen with, with
the switch and game saves.
And, you know, again, when
you incrementally add features after
putting the engineering thought and
how do I do that
securely you just end up
with a much different product
than when you take the
opposite tack. I sure hope
I fix that soon because
I've got like 85 hours
and goes Xenoblade blade. And
I'm, I swear if I
freaking lose that save, I'm
going to be, Yeah. I
didn't know what I do
if I lost my breath
of the wild save after
all those hours. Yeah. So
my last question is how
close is his company reality?
Like if you look at
the company that you work
for Tanium, is that company
similar to the security and
endpoint systems management companies that
you see in shows like
mr. Robot? So it's interesting
because we, we joke at,
at work that evil Corp
would be a great real
world customer for the technology
like Tanium, because we really
specialize in doing security and
operations at massive scale environments
that sometimes have hundreds of
thousands of computers. The kind
of flip side of that
is in the entertainment world.
And even in mr. Robot,
the sort of day to
day functions of it ops
like patching systems is not
really something that is terribly
exciting. And so, you know,
we have that glimpse of
that in that one episode
of mr robot, but then
most of where, you know,
interest in television and media
around computer security, isn't showing
the hacking or showing people
catching and detecting and stopping
the hacking. We do plenty
of that, attaining them, but
from a software perspective, in
other words, equipping companies to
fish for themselves and detecting,
responding to attacks. And so
depicting that in a show
is hard because it's really
like a internal operations and
internal security function. The other
company that I kind of
analogized to my past life
is all safe in the
beginning of mr. Robot. That's
where Elliot works. And that's
a lot like my prior
employer, I used to work
at Mandiant, which is now
part of a FireEye, and
that's a consulting firm that
does incident response work. And
so having worked with a
lot of other consulting firms
that sort of day to
day job of having a
fire alarm from a customer
and having to respond to
a breach and investigate is
something that is really compelling
to see on screen. I
think mr. Robot did a
great job in season. One
of, of kind of capturing
that little bit of industry.
Yeah. I think, you know,
again, the cool thing is
more and more people touch
technology as part of their
day jobs than ever before.
And so just as you
have, as you mentioned before,
shows that highlight bits of
the medical industry like hospital
dramas and shows that illustrate
bits of the legal industry,
like the myriad of courtroom
dramas, I think you're going
to continue to see more
and more shows that show
bits of what it is
to be a day in
the life of people involved
with technology and the corporate
world. That's going to be
true from a consulting perspective
or internal, like it options
security. Very cool. Well, thanks
so much, Ryan. Kazanjian for
chatting with me today. I
really appreciate it. No problem.
Thank you, Scott. It's great
to talk to you. And
this has been another episode
of Hansel minutes, and we'll
see you again next week.